hello
sangjun passed and I came alive anemic
Anisha Colleen energy conservation Eva
Nikita Asya tell Alisha Colli Colli me
speedy ramalingam endure a Filipina
dantarion become banker sub linear path
and every time I say I gave the pendulum
and sure calling your window only here
mishegoss Madeira Malenko and Burton
Filipina equipment orany ANCA Cristina
yeah kattappa business locally sana
via delle from watts per day technology
thingie gary bamboo loca Larry Manila
reporter Jason starter moon illusory
Lobby Joe so aprox on Bernama
bamboo
graeme Benitez McClellan Sangamon
today's Veda satin dr. Ouma dmarek in
the rainy embedded arrhythmia Sonya
spare another watery Barbuda and
Ramallah cumin atomic Leela bamboo is a
pretty incredible material in the plant
kingdom you know it grows really rapidly
and absorbs tons of carbon dioxide so
from that perspective it's a very
renewable resource and then in a
performance level it's got the
characteristics of naturally vibration
dampening pole structures which really
absorb the road chatter and Road buzz
and make for a super smooth ride but
adorable Oh McClellan American been bike
producing Spada dairy bamboo some
passata need Yasuda Brazil Manuel Serrat
espera bamboo
we're here on the BAM bike garage and
we've got a number of different working
prototypes as well as finished products
ready for sale each one has different
characteristics personally in the city I
typically use the road road geometry on
the single speeds and that does a good
job
popping around here and there when it's
in you know the urban urban setting
public been bikes a lot back deeper
desire the patella P here and for the
Victoria broken teeth are locked the
government no matter their in Metro
Manila baboobaboo diable are some very
forgiving bamboo peninsula Arikara can
grab em by the gabbie Savarin hospira
are gas pedal Babu breeches are big a
blast
utopia Gomorrah epic atomic Leland go-to
man Derrick vigilance para bamboo
typically the combine to form with us
but you know we can produce world class
certified bamboo bicycles for the global
market while keeping jobs at home here
in the rural provincial areas so that
the workers can stay with their families
and have gainful employment
Osato poker yeah fabrics by the bamboos
been by cattle on a medium on a lot so
junior young Bruce yeah but foolin
empower Mike us a very grateful job we
can
you cannot go any around the area we
just walk here not just construction we
work under the Sun that's very hard so
bummed back is very great job
I'm thankful that our president green
here the one bite
dr. buttman had a gun that would abide
upon her took Victoria on a movement
poker game becomes blurry become
duplicate ahmud genic by knockin Bucher
just burger ppattani young Peter
Mukerjea Panos lamas towers and Dido we
are Allah wala quwata Victoria Medea the
particular condition idea de filipinas
Kenan Allah masala Utama only had four
months of work and there are remaining
eight months they do not have worked so
that's why the cycle of poverty goes on
and on
wallah cottage I am done Brian Vanitas
McClellan's Maria could be a shaman
Breaka miss a moment at but you can
deduct Akita drop puppet Annie Victoria
bucket Sudirman on ability bit bamboo me
I'm gonna banana fried and papaya no
hurt you because they're super an
original Peru can for the young Bruna
problem wherein we can provide people
with work the plan because they produce
proper mules of bamboos
we pay them 15 pesos and that's good
enough for them and the good thing is
after after producing the proper fuels
bring them back this bundle and plant it
in their own backyard so in the near
future for three years hopefully they
can cut it off and make money out of it
McClellan mono you can't go damn
BB babu saheb edenia candy buggy can
come printe kepada war Gaston path you
can add a candelabra pattern to the
punch
what Bob Winnie the party Palace bamboos
arguably the greenest building material
on earth
bamboo is as strong as steel if you use
the right species it's very durable
really strong and can stand up to the
demands
needed by a bicycle frame alumina bakken
slender pot DJ you can't rank espera
bamboo beside laguna kanuto hawaiian the
Abraha remember menjadi awara Felucia
bamboo de filipinas